Simple screen reader use.
NSW Government. Accessibility NSW.
[ A user will navigate a webpage using keyboard shortcuts. ]
[ Screen reader software reads content aloud]
Skip to main content.
You are currently link
inside of web content.
To click this link, press
Control-Option-Space.
Heading level one
plain an inclusive language.
You are currently on
a heading level one.
On this page: Navigation.
You are currently in a navigation.
On this page.
You are currently on a text element.
List: 5 items.
You are currently in a list.
Visited link: Use plain English,
one of five.
Visited link: Inclusive language, 2 of 5.
You are currently on a link.
to click this link,
press Control-Option-Space
Heading level 2: Inclusive language.
You are currently on a heading level 2.
Inclusive language promotes
respect, empathy and equity.
It recognises
and values diversity,
helping create a more inclusive
and welcoming environment for all,
regardless of background,
identity or experience.